as you follow me below and we'll show
you the salon and the cabin arrangement
to the starboard side you have a huge
couch with the pop-up and Kleiner's the
footrest pop up here to watch your TV
and set it here 7-minute night you can
also get an optional sleeper sofa here
this boat has the dark Wingate wood
which is really important hardwood and
this one has the upgraded wood floor the
blond wood which is very striking with
the dark wood in the white floor solid
surface countertops throughout full
galley loaded from dishwasher to
electric stove convection microwave
you've got on refrigerator side-by-side
refrigerator freezer vicious left screen
T completely located opposite of the
sofa area and come on down let me show
you the apps beautiful thing about a
mint cabin like this a myth stateroom is
you get to carry the full beam you gives
you the most space you've got an island
berth that you can walk around from
either side settee over there for
dressing and lounging you've got the
chest of drawers lots of storage over
here full-length hanging locker you can
put your dresses hang your clothes in
also on this side you have the optional
washer and dryer combination nice to
have on a boat this size one of things
I'd like to point out there the three
Court holds their own on either side of
the stateroom it floods this stateroom
with the natural light so you don't get
that Express feel being down in a cave
have a beautiful master head on this
side
with a separate shower stall stainless
steel frame solid surface countertops
and solid service insert on the floor
VIP stateroom here centerline bird
private infants to the head hanging
lockers on both sides flat-screen TV
drawers underneath the birth so you've
got lots of storage one of the things
that you get in all cruisers yachts is
good Headroom you'll have six a minimum
of six foot four Headroom anywhere you
go in the cruiser John with the triple
IPS this boat cruises 25 to 30 knots
very fuel efficient with the pod drives
it's a beautiful boat come on in take a
look let's take you for a ride you fall
in love with a specimen